---
title: Easy Ways to Help
date: 2018-02-23 07:45 UTC
tags:
---

## No task is too small or too big

We're just starting out.  Here are some small tasks that will have
big impact at this time:

  1. Help **build and shape our community**.  We're going to accomplish
     feats never before possible.  Share this with others who will have
     positive influence on the way this community grows and interacts.
  1. **Start** to outline a process for research and data inclusion/exclusion.
  1. **Start** to outline a process for grading strength/quality of research.
  1. **Start** a conversation about what and/or when abstractions and generalizations
     of research and data might be safe to act upon.
  1. Create a repository for data.
  1. Select a format for data (perhaps JSON?).
  1. **Start** to build networks to raise awareness and get "first exposure".
  1. **Help** moderate the discussion forum.
  1. **Help** update documentation and wikis.
  1. **Help** others who are doing any of these things with
     documentation/communication/just-being-there.

Message us [on our subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/ocpgdiscussion), start by
saying "hi" and come prepared with an idea about what you bring to the table.


<script>
  // Because I'm the last person remaining who prefers it this way.
  // It has nothing to do with typewriters at this point, I just like it better.
  Array.from(document.getElementsByTagName('p')).forEach(p => p.innerHTML = p.innerHTML.replace(/([\.|\!|\?]) /g, '$1&nbsp; '))
</script>
